README.rst, before:

Stock picking packaging info
============================
This module displays in the pickings, all packages appearing in operations. in
the package provides the following information:

* Width
* Height
* Length
* Total estimated weight
* Total estimated net weight
* Permitted volume
* Total volume charge
* Empty package weight
* Real weight

When selecting the logical unit in the form of packages, will be brought to the
form the width, height, length, and empty package weight values, defined in the
logical unit. The values of these fields can be modified.

In the field "real weight", shown the value of total estimated weight field.
The value of this field can be changed.

In the transfer wizard pickings, you have a new button "Save for later", that
allows only modify datas of operations of the picking.

Also, this module displays in the pickings, the number of packages per logistic
unit, and kg. and lots by package.

You can print labels of pallets.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------
* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@serviciosbaeza.com>
* Ana Juaristi <ajuaristio@gmail.com>
* Alfredo de la Fuente <alfredodelafuente@avanzosc.es>

Commit message:

[IMP] <stock_picking_wave_package_info> Added computed fields as in picking

README.rst, after:

Stock picking packaging info
============================

This module displays in the pickings, all packages appearing in operations and
the package provides the following information:

* Width
* Height
* Length
* Total estimated weight
* Total estimated net weight
* Permitted volume
* Total volume charge
* Empty package weight
* Real weight

At first, when a logical unit is provided for the package, it will take width, 
height, length and empty weight, but it can be specified one for the package.

In the field "real weight", shown the value of total estimated weight field.
The value of this field can be changed.

In the transfer wizard pickings, you have a new button "Save for later", that
allows only modify datas of operations of the picking.

Also, this module displays in the pickings, the number of packages per logistic
unit, and kg. and lots by package.


You can print labels of pallets.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@serviciosbaeza.com>
* Ana Juaristi <anajuaristi@avanzosc.es>
* Alfredo de la Fuente <alfredodelafuente@avanzosc.es>
