stock_deposit/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: LGPL-3

=============
Stock deposit
=============

This module extends standard WMS to manage customers deposit locations by
warehouse

Installation
============

The installation module process create a deposit location by each warehouse
and two picking type, one for out deposits and other for return deposits.

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Inventory > Settings > Product* Owners and click
   "**Manage consignee stocks (advanced)**".

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to products and create one of product type.
#. Update quantities on hand to have stock of it.
#. Go to inventory dashboard and click on deposit out card to do a new
   transfer.
#. Create a picking with owner and select the product to do the transfer.

After that process you can view de deposit quantities in product form view,
also in Inventory --> Reports menu the entry "Deposit location inventory"
is created for view all quantities that you have in deposit locations.

For regularize deposit quantities, you need:

#. Go to deposit inventory, select quants that you want regularize and click
   on more actions and select "**Regularize deposit quants**", this process create
   out pickings from deposit location to customer location.


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/154/9.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/154/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Sergio Teruel <sergio.teruel@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[9.0][FIX] stock_deposit: Adapt to OCA conventions.

stock_deposit/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: LGPL-3

=============
Stock deposit
=============

This module extends standard WMS to manage customers deposit locations by
warehouse.
Deposited stocks can't be selected in regular delivery orders unless you have
been returned it.
Deposited stocks have been evaluated in inventory valuation.

Installation
============

The installation module process create a deposit location per warehouse and
two picking types, one for outgoing deposits and other for returned deposits.

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Inventory > Settings > Product Owners* and click
   "**Manage consignee stocks (advanced)**".

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to products and create one of type "Stockable".
#. Update quantities on hand to have stock of it.
#. Go to inventory dashboard and click on "Outgoing deposits" card to do a new
   transfer.
#. Create a picking with owner and select the product to do the transfer.

To track current deposits:

#. After that process, you can view deposit quantities in product form view.
#. You can also see the deposits for all your products in the menu entry
   Inventory --> Reports --> Deposit location inventory.

For regularizing deposited quantities (this means to deliver deposited stock
to the customer as a normal outgoing move.), you need:

#. Go to deposit inventory, select quants that you want to regularize and click
   on more actions and select "**Regularize deposit quants**". This process
   creates delivery orders from deposit location to customer location.


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/154/9.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/154/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Sergio Teruel <sergio.teruel@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
