stock_picking_show_return/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============================
Show returns on stock pickings
==============================

This module enables one tab in the pickings that contains returns made for that 
picking.

Usage
=====

#. Go to any picking that has a return, and see the new tab "Returns" appears.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/154/8.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] stock_picking_show_return: Better phrasing

stock_picking_show_return/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================================
Display returns on stock pickings
=================================

This module adds one tab in the pickings form view to display the returns
pickings related to the current one.

Usage
=====

#. Go to any picking that has a return, and see the new tab "Returns" appears.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/154/8.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
