stock_split_picking/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=============
Split picking
=============

This module adds a "Split" button on the outgoing pickings form.

It works like the classical picking Transfer but it leaves both pickings
(picking and its backorder) as confirmed without processing the transfer.

Installation
============

This module only needs `stock` module.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to **Inventory** dashboard and open any picking.
#. If picking state is not **done** or **cancelled** you can see an split
button.
#. Clicking the button will display a wizard in which you can fill in the
   quantities you want to split for each line.
#. If you click on **Split** button, the wizard will split current picking into
   two different pickings depending on quantity you entered in the previous step.
#. Both pickings remain confirmed.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/154/10.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======
Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Nicolas Bessi <nicolas.bessi@camptocamp.com>
* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>
* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Alexandre Fayolle <alexandre.fayolle@camptocamp.com>
* Vicent Cubells <vicent.cubells@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] stock_split_picking: rewrite
* improve/fix tests
* fix mixed UoMs in stock moves
* do not allow to split partially a move if it has an ancestor depending
on it (the ancestor move is limited to one destination move)
* take into account the restricted lot of a move in the split mechanism
* do not allow to split a move with a floating quantity if its product is
tracked by serial numbers
* do not ask for confirmation when clicking on the 'Split' button
* open the new picking after the split operation

stock_split_picking/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=============
Split picking
=============

This module adds a "Split" button on the outgoing pickings form.

It works like the classical picking Transfer but it leaves both pickings
(picking and its backorder) as confirmed without processing the transfer.

Installation
============

This module only needs `stock` module.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to **Inventory** dashboard and open any picking.
#. If picking state is not **done** or **cancelled** you can see an split
   button.
#. Clicking the button will display a wizard in which you can fill in the
   quantities you want to split for each line.
#. If you click on **Split** button, the wizard will split current picking into
   two different pickings depending on quantity you entered in the
   previous step.
#. Both pickings remain confirmed.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/154/10.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* add tests with moves having destination moves + propagate enabled:
    - splitting the original move should split the destination move too
    - splitting the destination move is allowed only if all the qty is splitted

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======
Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Nicolas Bessi <nicolas.bessi@camptocamp.com>
* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>
* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Alexandre Fayolle <alexandre.fayolle@camptocamp.com>
* Vicent Cubells <vicent.cubells@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
