stock_move_backdating/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================================
Allows back-dating of stock moves
=================================

This module allows to register old stock moves (with date != now).
On picking transfer, user can specify the "Date", that will be
used as movement date.


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_move_backdating%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Marco Dieckhoff < marco.dieckhoff@bremskerl.de>
* Alex Comba <alex.comba@agilebg.com>
* Lorenzo Battistini <lorenzo.battistini@agilebg.com>
* Alessio Gerace <alessio.gerace@agilebg.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[8.0][IMP] stock_move_backdating module (#252)
* Apply some cosmetic changes according to OCA guidelines

* Add date_backdating to stock.transfer.details and set date_done of stock.picking as the youngest date among moves

* Update test accordingly to last changes

* Update i18n/it.po accordingly to last changes

* Apply some cosmetic changes: copyright and OCA url

* [IMP] stock_move_backdating: decription

* FIX stock_move_backdating: avoid to use future date anyway, if forced in web interface

stock_move_backdating/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================================
Allows back-dating of stock moves
=================================

This module allows to register old stock moves (with date != now).
On picking transfer, user can specify the "Date", that will be
used as movements date.
Tha date can be set in the header of the wizard (so that it will be used for
every movement) or at line level, having different dates for different moves.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/154/8.0

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Marco Dieckhoff < marco.dieckhoff@bremskerl.de>
* Alex Comba <alex.comba@agilebg.com>
* Lorenzo Battistini <lorenzo.battistini@agilebg.com>
* Alessio Gerace <alessio.gerace@agilebg.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
