stock_no_extra_move/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============
{module_title}
==============

This module extends the functionality of ... to support ...
and to allow you to ...

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

#. Do this ...

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to ...

.. figure:: path/to/local/image.png
   :alt: alternative description
   :width: 600 px

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to ...

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/{repo_id}/{branch}

.. repo_id is available in https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/tools/repos_with_ids.txt
.. branch is "8.0" for example

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* ...

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/{project_repo}/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Firstname Lastname <email.address@example.org>
* Second Person <second.person@example.org>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

imp README add Italian translation rev groups

stock_no_extra_move/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

===================
Stock no extra move
===================

This module extends the functionality of stock to adding two groups with permissions related to _create_extra_move function


Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to user permission and set if "Can Increase Quantity" or "No quantity check"

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/{repo_id}/{branch}

.. repo_id is available in https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/tools/repos_with_ids.txt
.. branch is "8.0" for example


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Alexandre Fayolle <alexandre.fayolle@camptocamp.com>
* Andrea Cometa <a.cometa@apuliasoftware.it>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
