stock_picking_invoice_link/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==================================
Link between invoices and pickings
==================================

This module adds a link between pickings and invoices.
So that user can easily reach the invoices related to the picking
and see the pickings related to the invoice.

As the invoincing flow has changed in odoo version 9,
invoices linked to pickings (and vice versa), are shown independently from
the invoicing method

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/154/9.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Lorenzo Battistini <lorenzo.battistini@agilebg.com>
* Alexis de Lattre <alexis.delattre@akretion.com>
* Alex Comba <alex.comba@agilebg.com>
* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@tecnativa.com>
* Ana Juaristi <anajuaristi@avanzosc.es>
* Alfredo de la Fuente <alfredodelafuente@avanzosc.es>
* Unai Alkorta
* Iñaki Zabala
* Oihane Crucelaegui <oihanecrucelaegi@avanzosc.es>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[FIX] stock_picking_invoice_link: redo migration to 9.0. Previous migration did not keep the business functionnality of the previous module. Link from invoice to picking must link only related delivery and not all deliveries in case of partial deivery

stock_picking_invoice_link/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

========================================
Link between invoices and their pickings
========================================

This module adds a link between pickings and invoices.
So that user can easily reach the invoices related to the picking
and see the pickings related to the invoice.

This only applies on the invoices generated from pickings.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/154/9.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Lorenzo Battistini <lorenzo.battistini@agilebg.com>
* Alexis de Lattre <alexis.delattre@akretion.com>
* Alex Comba <alex.comba@agilebg.com>
* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@tecnativa.com>
* Ana Juaristi <anajuaristi@avanzosc.es>
* Alfredo de la Fuente <alfredodelafuente@avanzosc.es>
* Unai Alkorta
* Iñaki Zabala
* Oihane Crucelaegui <oihanecrucelaegi@avanzosc.es>
* Jacques-Etienne Baudoux <je@bcim.be>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
